Advanced Web Tech- Report
Liam Rawsthorne, 40085161.


Introduction

The web app that has been produced for Advanced Web Technologies is an online
catalogue developed using python flask.

The online catalogue displays a list of football teams from the English Premier
League. When you navigate to the list of teams, you can click on each one.
When opened you will see the team's name, their badge, and details (stadium,
stadium capacity, nickname and manager) about the club.



Design 

The web app is structured with a main python file aswell as a static folder,
for images and css, and a templates folder, for the HTML pages.

The website has three main pages: index, bplteams, bplteams details  and upload.

The index contains a short description of the website and an image of the
Barclays Premier League logo, bplteams is a list of the teams, the details
page shows details about the club, and the upload page allows users to upload
an image and view it.



Enhancements

The web app could have been improved in many of ways. I would've liked to have
included all teams from the top 5 English divisions as I feel this would've
given the website a lot more content and would attract more people. Another
feature I would have liked to add would be a map with pins showing where each
team plays. When you press on a pin it zooms in and gives you the option to
look up more information about the club.



Evaluation

I feel the website is good with a nice design with pleny of features for the
users, however I feel like much more could have been added, though I put that
down to experience. I spent about a week looking up answers and trying to fix a problem of mine when really ate
into the time available.

I also think I should have looked into using a database as I feel it would've
been easier for storing the content.



Personal Evaluation

I feel like I have learned a lot from this coursework. It's my first ever time
using python and the first time I've learned a programming language. It's
also the first time I've really used the terminal window. I had used it maybe
once or twice before but never to the level we have had to do for this
coursework. Before this I only knew PHP and SQL but it has opened up my eyes to
learning much more back end web development in the future.


Resources

Advanced Web Tech Wookbook and Notes- Moodle
stackoverflow.com
